Update meeting-minute link in README.md (#308)
camaraproject/QualityOnDemand: README.md

  * set quality for a flow within an access network connections (e.g. mobile device connection or fixed access between a home gateway and the service providers gateway router)
      * Session mode, for a specific duration
      * Provision mode, indefinitely for each time the device connects to the same access network
  * get notification if the network cannot fulfill  
* Describe, develop, document and test the APIs (with 1–2 Service Providers)  
* Started: October 2021
* Location: virtually  

## Meetings

* Meetings are held virtually: [Meeting registration / Join](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94112812156?password=f238d6af-c959-48d7-a862-abdb3c648e40)

> * Schedule: bi-weekly, Friday, 2 PM CET/CEST (13:00 UTC, 12:00 UTC during European DST). For date/time of the next meeting, see previous [meeting minutes](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/display/CAM/QualityOnDemand+2024+Minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Schedule: bi-weekly, Friday, 2 PM CET/CEST (13:00 UTC, 12:00 UTC during European DST). For date/time of the next meeting, see previous [meeting minutes](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/x/0AOeAQ).
```
